Do one thing everyday that scares you.
Confine yourself to the present.
Conditions are never perfect. Someday is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you.
Our tragedy isn't in the failing. It's in the not trying. We are here to risk our hearts.
Failure is nothing more than a chance to revise your strategy.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Be as you wish to seem.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, and the amazement of the Gods.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
A man should be upright, not kept upright.
One's destination is never a place, but rather a new way of looking at things.
Life must be lived as play.
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Well begun is half done.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
Character is the most effective means of persuasion.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
If a man knows not what harbor he seeks; any wind is the right wind.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
No man was ever wise by chance.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it.
Whereever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
The obstacle is the way.
He who is brave is free.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
Where a man can live, he can also live well.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
From caring comes courage.
Gratitude is the source of all other virtues.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, and compassion. These three things are your greatest treasures.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
The secret to change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
If you wish to be loved, love.
Looking behind I am filled with gratitude. Looking forward I am filled with vision. Looking within I discover peace.
Certain things catch the eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
Be strong enough to stand alone. Be brave enough to stand apart. Be wise enough to stand together when the time comes.
No such thing as spare time. No such thing as free time. No such thing as down time. All you got is life time. Go.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.
Failure defeats losers and inspires winners.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
We have free will only to the extent of our fearlessness.
When the best leader's work is done the people say, "We did it ourselves."
Silence is a source of great strength.
Don't limit yourself. Find out what you're capable of. Why not?
It's not the daily increase, but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
Anger, an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
A man's as miserable as he thinks he is.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Consider, when you are enraged at any one, what you would probably think if he should die during the dispute.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away.
Each day provides its own gifts.
Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament at it.
Under the greatest adversity there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horribly lives they must lead.
Be - don't try to become.
How beautiful to find a heart that loves you, without asking for anything, but to be okay.
You can't calm the storm, so stop trying. What you can do is calm yourself. The storm will pass.
The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.
Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important. You need to once in a while go "Uh, I'm kind of an asshole."
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
You suffer because things are impermanent and you think they are permanent.
Don't obsess over success. Success is garbage if you cannot feel comfortable with yourself, alone, with nothing and no one.
No one is obligated to love you, so learn to love yourself in a healthy way.
A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it. It just blooms.
The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
Speak only if it improves upon the silence.
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.
I'm not perfect, but watch me improve.
Be where you are.
Remember your dream is your only scheme so keep on pushing.
Smile, breathe, and go slowly.
Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lakcing, the whole world belongs to you.
Simplicity, patience, and compassion. These three things are your greatest treasures.

